This is JExplodomatica, a Java port of Explodomatica.

See http://smcameron.github.com/explodomatica


Build Instructions
------------------
You will need to have the JDK installed to compile.
You can get the JDK at http://java.sun.com

Now you really have 2 options to compile: (1)You can compile it manually
using javac, or (2)you can use Ant if you have it installed.

1) Navigate to the JExplodomatica directory in a terminal and run:
javac -d ./bin/ ./src/*.java

2) Navigate to the JExplodomatica directory in a terminal and run:
ant


Running JExplodomatica
----------------------
The GUI program is named JExplodomatica.  After compiling, you can run
the GUI version from a terminal by running (from the JExplodomatica
directory):
java -cp ./bin/ JExplodomatica

The command-line program is named Explodomatica.  After compiling, you
can run the command-line version of JExplodomatica from a terminal by
running (from the JExplodomatica directory):
java -cp ./bin/ Explodomatica [options] somefile.wav

Note that you should replace '[options]' with your choice of options and
'somefile.wav' with path and file name where you want JExplodomatica to
write the output sound.  The JExplodomatica usage is listed below for
convenience.


Usage
-----
Explodomatica [options] somefile.wav
caution: somefile.wav will be overwritten.
options:
  --duration n    Specifies duration of explosion in secs
                  Default value is 4.000000 secs
  --nlayers n     Specifies number of sound layers to use
                  to build up each explosion.  Default is 4
  --preexplosions n
                  Specifies number of 'pre-explostions' to generate
                  Default is 1
  --pre-delay n
                  Specifies approximate length of the 'ka' in 'ka-BOOM!'
                  (it is somewhat randomized)
                  Default is 0.250000 secs
  --pre-lp-factor n
                  Specifies the impact of the low pass filter used
                  on the pre-explosion part of the sound.  values
                  closer to zero lower the cutoff frequency
                  while values close to one raise it.
                  Value should be between 0.2 and 0.9.
                  Default is 0.800000
  --pre-lp-count n
                  Specifies the number of times the low pass filter used
                  on the pre-explosion part of the sound.  values
                  Default is 1
  --speedfactor n
                  Amount to speed up (or slow down) the final
                  explosion sound. Values greater than 1.0 speed
                  the sound up, values less than 1.0 slow it down
                  Default is 0.450000
  --noreverb      Suppress the 'reverb' effect
  --input file    Use the given (44100Hz mono) wav file
                  as input instead of generating white noise for input.
